So let's configure a log in Abana subpena luggin specify the delimiting character which in this case
is going to be a hash or pound and I'll say loggin banner
specify the delimiting character to enter the message.
So hash.
So previously when we made it to Ratatouille we saw the message of the day banner.
And then we were prompted for a password.
Now when we look back we see firstly message of the day and then a loggin banner and then our indication
information now on the console.
Notice the Banham message of the day is displayed but no log in banner is displayed.
So it's different to what we saw on the V-twin line.
And that's because we didn't configure any kind of a thin location on the console.
So if I now specify a password on the console and then log in we see both the message of the day banner
as well as the log in banner and then we prompted for a password.
So this is shown when they log in is configured.
In other words when you prompted to enter your password.
So the message of the day first then logon banner banner exec.
So let's say exec Bena
delimiting character we back to Global config mode
tell it back to the router we see message of the day logon password prompt and we now log in we see
the exec banner.
So the exec is only displayed after logging on the console of router 2 we see message of the day logging
banner we put a password in after entering our password.
We see the exec Abana.
So exec Bana's only displayed after successful authentication.
Now generally you're not going to create lots of banners.
You may as an example just choose one of them such as the log in banner or the exec Vana or message
of the day Bena it is important however that you specify some kind of banner on your route as so as
an example if we telnet from Rodek to Toronto one in this example we need to set up a password.
So a line Viti why zero to four logon password SASCO and telnet back again.
We are not shown any warning messages about not accessing this router so we should have some kind of
banner which may be something such as log in Bena stating that if you access this router I will find
you
and we can imagine what we would say then I wouldn't put that on this video but I will find you and
do something nasty to you.
So now when we telnet to the router notice it says if you access this router I will find you and destroy
you or something.
I should obviously talk to your lawyer a solicitor attorney whichever term you use you should talk to
someone in the legal department to get the proper phrase to add to this message.
So that's Banner's.
To sum up we have an exec Abana message of the day banner and loggin banner message of the days typically
used to display some kind of message of that day such as the Rada is going to be taken off line loggin
is used before a logon prompt and exec is shown off to log in when the exec process starts.
Don't forget your delimiting character shouldn't be a character used in your message so as an example
of non-space a fight and then say my Cisco router it immediately ends the message at this point.
So if I told that to the router notice my message of the day Bena has been changed to this.
I didn't specify message of the day but do show run pipe begin Bena shows us that that's what's being
configured in the output on the show run.
Notice the hash £0 was changed to carot see to indicate the start and end of the message.
That's useful when you want to do a copy and paste.
So as an example we could copy this
on broad of one we could paste that message.
So now we telnet to write a one note just the luggin Bennett displays and the exec Bena displays.